six months
I remember unlike the last episode this
one didn't really have a point just like
cool just like the actual show I love
how slow but take that was it like we
got to fit as much of this in this I
think your tone is addicted to rope and
I think the only reason this entire
episode exists is because of future cool
the funny thing is that that lotion
Shogun for some reason that became a
running gag for him I'm not sure why it
just it's just one of those things that
happens my favorite character to play
like two episodes for hyah says
what's-his-face
George Albert urinals can make you so
much money though you get a private jet
fuck about that dialogue I really
shouldn't have added a response from
Kulu it should just gone to the
Morrissey mental puns
edited to be 4.9 like my dad sitting
around for 16 hours he's just in the
torturing I label we still don't know
vipers is real dad we're thing about
this episode there's let's look the only
one with a bunch of Japanese everywhere
to my knowledge it's just of
occasionally it's just like I couldn't
be asked to do anything with it this
music caused me to break in a cold sweat
the dialogue here is taken from this
joke audition I did for this SFA series
that didn't take off and like the
audition video is up forever so I just
pretended to be this really deep voice
Austria like Australian pedophile kind
of like that a clown video I put up on
my page kinda he actually scared some of
you oh god I had such a hard time with
this line and I don't know why there is
no recovery I kept doing here's a little
inside thing for me to get my voice to
become Paul I have to say commander
Worf's head looks like a fanny and that
is how I get the boys in this is like
yeah this is a good hour I only like
three lines in the whole damn thing well
I'm right there was just a troll cat
lovers watching this series I will put
it in
we can just tell me what you want use
fun fact he's typing out in Morse code
I'm lonely go be a hero blank stare I
laughed so hard the first time I saw my
favorite thing ever this many guys say
any other side of the stage with the
kazoo playing his last cancer are you
annoyed yet forgot at the end of every
credits I had like an X lesson of the
season 2 season finale happens the first
time he got him to a voice that Kircher
or was it episode 1 that was the episode
1 remake right or if someone who may
come inside why yeah but I thought like
it was the first we had him in that and
then he did episode 1 but maybe I think
you mean episode 1 the original no the I
mean by original me not to r1 we did oh
no his first appearance was at the very
end
episode 10 oh yeah yeah I don't know why
I didn't know that I'm so stupid
jeez Travis how could you not know you
psycho it's funny that I can think about
this and I'm learning just by doing this
commentary is that in episode 2 we had
some what I call jokes per hour kind of
thing that sometimes like I was good man
my ego is so stroked well just you wait
for episode 13 right episode 12 either
yeah I'll have my comic strips so 13
well we all will yeah
five second commentary well this sucks
thank you for watching you Sarah sobbing
and it ends was over the all right